SHAR MARKET Case Study:
There are three conventional approaches for stock price prediction: technical analysis,traditional time 
series forecasting, and machine learning method. 

Earlier classical regression methods such as linear regression, polynomial regression, etc. were used topredict stock 
trends. 

Also, traditional statistical models which include exponential
smoothing, moving average, and ARIMA makes their prediction linearly. Nowadays,Support Vector 
Machines (Cortes & Vapnik, 1995) (SVM) and Artificial Neural
Networks (ANN) are widely used for the prediction of stock price movements.

 Every algorithm has its way of learning patterns and then predicting. Artificial Neural Network
(ANN) is a popular and more recent method which also incorporate technical analysis for making 
predictions in financial markets. 

ANN includes a set of threshold functions.These functions trained on historical data after connecting each other 
with adaptive weights and they are used to make future predictions. 
(Trippi & Turban, 1992;
Walczak, 2001; Shadbolt & Taylor, 2002) (Kuan & Liu, 1995) investigated the out-of-sample forecasting 
ability of recurrent and feedforward neural networks based
on empirical foreign exchange rate data (Kuan & Liu, 1995). In 2017, Mehdi Khasheiand Zahra Haji 
Rahimi evaluated the performance of series and parallel strategies to
determine a more accurate one using ARIMA and MLP (Multilayer Perceptron)(Mehdi & Zahra, 2017).
 This dataset have the coloumn fields 
MARKET,SERIES,SYMBOL,SECURITY,PREV_CL_PR,OPEN_PRICE,HIGH_PRICE,LOW_PRICE,CLOSE_PRICE,NE
T_TRDVAL,
NET_TRDQTY,CORP_IND,TRADES,HI_52_WK,LO_52_WK.we can analyse this dataset according to the 
prices.



PROBLEMS :
1.Query to display the number of series present in the data.
2.Display the series present in the data.
3.Find the sumpof all the prices in the each series.
4.Display security,series with highest net trade value
5.Display the series whose sum of all prices greater than the net trade value.
6.Display the series with highest net trade quantity.
7. Display the highest and lowest open price
8.Query to display the series which have trades more than 80.
9.Display the difference between the net trade value net trade quantity for each series.




