problem statement1:
    The Healthcare department wants a report about the inventory of pharmacies.
    Generate a report on their behalf that shows how many units of medicine each pharmacy has in their inventory, 
    the total maximum retail price of those medicines, and the total price of all the medicines after discount. 
    Note: discount field in keep signifies the percentage of discount on the maximum price.

problem statement2:
    The healthcare department suspects that some pharmacies prescribe more medicines than others 
    in a single prescription, for them, generate a report that finds for each pharmacy the maximum, 
    minimum and average number of medicines prescribed in their prescriptions. 

Problem Statement3: 
    A company needs to set up 3 new pharmacies, 
    they have come up with an idea that the pharmacy can be set up in 
    cities where the pharmacy-to-prescription ratio is the lowest and the number of prescriptions 
    should exceed 100. 
    Assist the company to identify those cities where the pharmacy can be set up.

Problem Statement4: 
    “HealthDirect” pharmacy finds it difficult to deal with the product type of medicine 
    being displayed in numerical form, they want the product type in words. 
    Also, they want to filter the medicines based on tax criteria. 
    Display only the medicines of product categories 1, 2, and 3 for medicines 
    that come under tax category I and medicines of product categories 4, 5, and 6 for
    medicines that come under tax category II.
    Write a SQL query to solve this problem.
    ProductType numerical form and ProductType in words are given by
    1 - Generic, 
    2 - Patent, 
    3 - Reference, 
    4 - Similar, 
    5 - New, 
    6 - Specific,
    7 - Biological, 
    8 – Dinamized

    3 random rows and the column names of the Medicine table are given for reference.
    Medicine (medicineID, companyName, productName, description, substanceName, productType, taxCriteria, 
    hospitalExclusive, governmentDiscount, taxImunity, maxPrice)


Problem Statement5:  
    Sarah, from the healthcare department, has noticed many people do not claim insurance for 
    their treatment. She has requested a state-wise report of the percentage of treatments that
    took place without claiming insurance. Assist Sarah by creating a report 
    as per her requirement.


Problem Statement6: 
    In the Inventory of a pharmacy 'Spot Rx' the quantity of medicine is considered ‘HIGH QUANTITY’ 
    when the quantity exceeds 7500 
    and ‘LOW QUANTITY’ when the quantity falls short of 1000. The discount is considered “HIGH” 
    if the discount rate on a product is 30% or higher, and the discount is considered “NONE” 
    when the discount rate on a product is 0%.
    'Spot Rx' needs to find all the Low quantity products with high discounts and all the high-quantity 
    products with no discount so they can adjust the discount rate according to the demand. 
    Write a query for the pharmacy listing all the necessary details relevant to the given requirement.

    Hint: Inventory is reflected in the Keep table.

problem statement7: 
    The total quantity of medicine in a prescription is the sum of the quantity of all the medicines in the prescription.
    Select the prescriptions for which the total quantity of medicine exceeds
    the avg of the total quantity of medicines for all the prescriptions.

Problem Statement8: 
    The State of Alabama (AL) is trying to manage its healthcare resources more efficiently.
    For each city in their state, they need to identify the disease for which 
    the maximum number of patients have gone for treatment. Assist the state for this purpose.
    Note: The state of Alabama is represented as AL in Address Table.

problem statement9:
    The healthcare department wants a pharmacy report on the percentage of hospital-exclusive 
    medicine prescribed in the year 2022.
    Assist the healthcare department to view for each pharmacy, 
    the pharmacy id, pharmacy name, total quantity of medicine prescribed in 2022,
    total quantity of hospital-exclusive medicine prescribed by the pharmacy in 2022,
    and the percentage of hospital-exclusive medicine to the total medicine prescribed in 2022.
    Order the result in descending order of the percentage found. 

Problem Statement10:  
    Jhonny, from the finance department of Arizona(AZ), has requested a report that lists the 
    total quantity of medicine each pharmacy in his state has prescribed that falls 
    under Tax criteria I for treatments that took place in 2021. Assist Jhonny 
    in generating the report.






